README.md, before:

deluge  [![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/deluge.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/deluge) ![Node Version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/deluge.svg?style=flat) ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/deluge.svg?style=flat)
=======

Licensed under the MIT-LICENSE

add magnet links and torrents to a deluge (specifically deluge-web) instance.

Installing
----------

```
npm install deluge
```

Basic usage
---

```
deluge = require('deluge')(delugeUrl, password);
```

**delugeUrl** is the address of your deluge-web server with "json" appended. ex http://192.168.0.100:8112/json

**password** is the password of your deluge-web server - default "deluge".

## Callback
Basic callback expected:
```javascript
var callback = function(error, result) {
    if(error) {
        console.error(error);
        return;
    }
}
```

Methods
---
### add(magnet, dlpath, callback) or add(file, dlpath, callback) or add(url, dlpath, callback)

Call add with a magnet link to automatically post the add request to your deluge-web server. If successful, it will add and start downloading without further action.
You can also use a direct url to a torrent file, deluge will download the file and star the download

### getHosts(callback)

Return the list of all the deluge daemon registered in the WebUI

### connect(hostID, callback)

Tell the WebUI to connect to the wanted host. The result of the callback will be either TRUE if connected or FALSE if not connected.

### isConnected(callback)

Check if the WebUI is connected to a deamon. Return true or false as result of the callback.

### setCookies(cookies, callback)

If you're trying to add a torrent from a private tracker you'll most likely need to have some cookie information specified, you can do that using this method. The format of call should be

```
setCookies({"http://www.some-private-tracker.com/": "my_cookie1=xxx;my_cookie2=yyy;"});
```

All cookies will be kept private. When adding a torrent the script will loop over all the keys in the object and check if any of them matches the URL of the torrent that's being added. So for example if you're adding a torrent with URL 'http://www.some-private-tracker.com/someid/name.torrent' it will use the cookie information associated with 'http://www.some-private-tracker.com/'. If no key matches the URL, no cookies will be used.

### getTorrentRecord(callback)

Get the list of all torrents and changing data that represents their status in the WebUI.
Expect a returned json object as a result of the callback, with the following properties:
```json
    "connected": true,
    "filters": {...},
    "stats": {...},
    "torrents":{...}
```

Commit message:

Add custom options (#12)
* Added ability to use custom options when adding torrent

* Updated README

* Typo

README.md, after:

deluge  [![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/deluge.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/deluge) ![Node Version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/deluge.svg?style=flat) ![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/deluge.svg?style=flat)
=======

Licensed under the MIT-LICENSE

add magnet links and torrents to a deluge (specifically deluge-web) instance.

Installing
----------

```
npm install deluge
```

Basic usage
---

```
deluge = require('deluge')(delugeUrl, password);
```

**delugeUrl** is the address of your deluge-web server with "json" appended. ex http://192.168.0.100:8112/json

**password** is the password of your deluge-web server - default "deluge".

## Callback
Basic callback expected:
```javascript
var callback = function(error, result) {
    if(error) {
        console.error(error);
        return;
    }
}
```

Methods
---
### add(magnet, dlpath, callback) or add(file, dlpath, callback) or add(url, dlpath, callback)

Call add with a magnet link to automatically post the add request to your deluge-web server. If successful, it will add and start downloading without further action.
You can also use a direct url to a torrent file, deluge will download the file and start the download.
It is also possible to substitute dlpath with your own options by providing a json object instead.
Default options are:
```
{
  file_priorities: [],
  add_paused: false,
  compact_allocation: true,
  download_location: dlPath,
  max_connections: -1,
  max_download_speed: -1,
  max_upload_slots: -1,
  max_upload_speed: -1,
  prioritize_first_last_pieces: false
}
```

### getHosts(callback)

Return the list of all the deluge daemon registered in the WebUI

### connect(hostID, callback)

Tell the WebUI to connect to the wanted host. The result of the callback will be either TRUE if connected or FALSE if not connected.

### isConnected(callback)

Check if the WebUI is connected to a deamon. Return true or false as result of the callback.

### setCookies(cookies, callback)

If you're trying to add a torrent from a private tracker you'll most likely need to have some cookie information specified, you can do that using this method. The format of call should be

```
setCookies({"http://www.some-private-tracker.com/": "my_cookie1=xxx;my_cookie2=yyy;"});
```

All cookies will be kept private. When adding a torrent the script will loop over all the keys in the object and check if any of them matches the URL of the torrent that's being added. So for example if you're adding a torrent with URL 'http://www.some-private-tracker.com/someid/name.torrent' it will use the cookie information associated with 'http://www.some-private-tracker.com/'. If no key matches the URL, no cookies will be used.

### getTorrentRecord(callback)

Get the list of all torrents and changing data that represents their status in the WebUI.
Expect a returned json object as a result of the callback, with the following properties:
```json
    "connected": true,
    "filters": {...},
    "stats": {...},
    "torrents":{...}
```
